== URL Shortener README - ==== Christina Leuci

Basic Requirements:
DONE - Code must be on github
- The short code for the URL must be the shortest possible
- User should be able to put a URL into the home page and get back a unique short URL
- User should be redirected to the full URL when we enter the short URL
- User should be able to view a top 100 board with the most frequently accessed URLs
- There should be a Gemfile for any application dependencies
- There should be a test suite (RSpec, MiniTest, etc)
- There must be a README that explains the following:
  - How to setup and install the application
  - Challenges, and how you overcame them
  - Reasoning behind any design decisions
  - How you came up with the short URL scheme
  - Future improvements you would make with more time

Bonus:
- There should be a script to setup a server with all requirements (web server, ruby, gems, database, etc)
- The application should be deployable with Capistrano to a fresh server

Additional Information:
- The web framework you use is completely up to you.  We use Rails and Sinatra pretty extensively at BeenVerified.
- You can use whatever database you are comfortable with.  At BeenVerified we use MySQL, Redis, Cassandra, Mongo, and MariaDB.
- Feel free to use any front-end frameworks for your HTML/CSS/JS.  We use Bootstrap on most of our projects.
- Part I is where we look to see a bit of how you approach application design so feel free to show off a bit and highlight these items in your README.
- The Bonus section is for those of you with a bit more operations experience.  Given a blank server, how would you set it up from scratch?  Custom bash scripts?  Chef?  Capistrano tasks?

One last thing:
If you decide not to take on the bonus portion, and your database choice is compatible with Heroku then please push the application to Heroku.  Please do not make your database decision based on what Heroku is compatible with.

====How To Run
Please run Rails Server to begin the server on your local system or if you'd rather please go to the Heroku *URL*

==== What I Need To Do
Setup possibly needed gems - pry, rspec-rails, mysql2, guard-rspec require false, thin, pg

DB should contain long-url, short-url, uniques?

